Add your own contact info and links to SupportButton (#4847)
backstage/backstage: contrib/docs/tutorials/quickstart-app-plugin/ExampleComponent.md

      </Header>
      <Content>
        <ContentHeader title="Plugin title">

>           <SupportButton title={'A description of your plugin goes here.'} />

Reviewer: It's not required to wrap a straight string in a `{`

```suggestion
          <SupportButton title="A description of your plugin goes here." />
```

Same goes for all other instances.
